Add channel naming template variables section (#38401)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/incident_response/incident_management/setup_and_configuration/variables.md

| `{{incident.card}}` | Inserts a self-updating incident card into the postmortem. **Only available for postmortems created in Datadog Notebooks.** This variable does not work for postmortems created in third-party locations such as Confluence or Google Drive. |
| `{{incident.timeline}}` | Copies all timeline events from the incident into the postmortem when used in a postmortem template. |

## Variables available only in channel naming templates

Channel naming templates configure the name of the Slack channel, Microsoft Teams channel, or Google Chat space that Datadog automatically creates for an incident. Configure these templates in the [Slack][3], [Microsoft Teams][4], or [Google Chat][5] integration settings.

> Channel naming templates support a different, smaller set of variables than notification, postmortem, and Jira templates, and use a syntax without the `incident.` prefix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Variables available only in channel name templates

Channel name templates configure the name of the Slack channel, Microsoft Teams channel, or Google Chat space that Datadog automatically creates for an incident. Configure these templates in the [Slack][3], [Microsoft Teams][4], or [Google Chat][5] integration settings.

Channel name templates support a different, smaller set of variables than notification, postmortem, and Jira templates, and use a syntax without the `incident.` prefix.
```

| Variable | Description |
|---|---|
| `{{public_id}}` | The incident's numeric ID. |
| `{{title}}` | The incident title. |
| `{{created}}` | The incident's creation date, in `MM_DD_YYYY` format, in the timezone you configure for the channel naming template. |
| `{{yyyy}}` | The four-digit year the incident was created, in the timezone you configure for the channel naming template. |
| `{{mm}}` | The two-digit month the incident was created, in the timezone you configure for the channel naming template. |

> | `{{dd}}` | The two-digit day of month the incident was created, in the timezone you configure for the channel naming template. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `{{created}}` | The incident's creation date, in `MM_DD_YYYY` format, in the timezone you configure for the channel name template. |
| `{{yyyy}}` | The four-digit year the incident was created, in the timezone you configure for the channel name template. |
| `{{mm}}` | The two-digit month the incident was created, in the timezone you configure for the channel name template. |
| `{{dd}}` | The two-digit day of month the incident was created, in the timezone you configure for the channel name template. |
```
